docs/value-proposition/value-proposition.md, before:

---
title: Value Proposition
nav_order: 1
---

{: .label }
[Jane Dane]

# [Value proposition]
{: .no_toc }

<details open markdown="block">
{: .text-delta }
<summary>Table of contents</summary>
+ ToC
{: toc }
</details>

## [The problem]
MeUsers often struggle with efficient note management, facing challenges in keeping their thoughts organized and easily accessible. Existing note-taking tools may lack simplicity and fail to provide an intuitive solution for structured note-keeping and effective brainstorming.

## [Our solution]
SimpleNote is the solution — an easy-to-use and intuitive application designed to streamline note management. It goes beyond basic note-taking, offering structured note-keeping features and actively encouraging brainstorming. By providing a user-friendly platform, it empowers creative thinkers, students, and professionals to effortlessly capture, organize, and manage information.

## [Target user]
SimpleNote is tailored for creative thinkers, students, and professionals who prioritize an intuitive and simple note-taking experience. It caters to individuals seeking an effortless way to manage and organize their thoughts without the complications of traditional note-taking interfaces. Simplenote is especially beneficial for those who demand more than basic functionality, with a need for built-in calculations.

## [Customer journey]
Users first discover SimpleNote as they seek an effective note-taking solution, whether through online searches, recommendations, or reviews. Once chosen, the onboarding process is seamless, quickly familiarizing users with the intuitive interface. Actively engaging with the application, users appreciate features like structured note-keeping and encouragement for brainstorming. The user-friendly design enhances the overall experience, enabling users to focus on their note content rather than navigating complicated interfaces. Over time, SimpleNote becomes an integral part of users' routines, offering a reliable platform for organized information management. Its sustained user-friendliness contributes to long-term usage and increased productivity.

Commit message:

Github Pages - Home Seite und Value Proposition überarbeiten

docs/value-proposition/value-proposition.md, after:

---
title: Value Proposition
nav_order: 1
---

{: .label }
[Jane Dane]

# [Value proposition]
{: .no_toc }

<details open markdown="block">
{: .text-delta }
<summary>Table of contents</summary>
+ ToC
{: toc }
</details>

## [Complete Value Proposition]
For individuals such as students, professionals or creative thinkers who need an user-friendly note-taking tool, SimpleNote is a app with basic note-taking capabilities that assists by offering simple functionalities without the of distraction of numerous possibilities.

## [The problem]
Many people struggle to find a user-friendly note-taking tool for collecting ideas and brainstorming that offers simplicity without the distraction of excessive and unnecessary features.

## [Our solution]
SimpleNote addresses this issue by providing an app with basic note-taking capabilities, including text formatting. It offers straightforward and only the necessary functionalities, allowing users to focus on capturing their thoughts without being overwhelmed by unnecessary complexities or interfaces.

## [Target user]
SimpleNote addresses this issue by providing an app with the basic note-taking capabilities. It offers straightforward functionalities, allowing users to focus on capturing their thoughts without being overwhelmed by unnecessary complexities.

## [Customer journey]
Users discover SimpleNote while searching for a hassle-free note-taking tool. They download the app and quickly realize its intuitive interface and basic but effective features. The onboarding process is seamless, quickly familiarizing users with the intuitive interface. As they use SimpleNote to write down their notes effortlessly, they appreciate its simplicity, making it their go-to tool for organizing their thoughts.
