docs/user-eval/user-eval.md, before:

---
title: User Evaluation
nav_order: 4
---

{: .label }
[Jane Dane]

# [User evaluation]
{: .no_toc }

<details open markdown="block">
{: .text-delta }
<summary>Table of contents</summary>
+ ToC
{: toc }
</details>

## 01: [Title]

### Meta

Status
: **Work in progress** - Done - Obsolete

Updated
: DD-MMM-YYYY

### Goal

[Describe the goal of this evaluation, for example as a research question like: "How long does it take to register a new account and what is the drop-out rate?"]

### Method

[Describe how you proceed to achieve your evaluation goal. Be as specific as possible: others should be able to replicate your evaluation by following the description on this section.]

### Results

[Present the main results of your evaluation, for example: "On average, users need 3 min to register. The drop-out rate was 70%. Users that didn't complete provided the following reasons: ..."]

### Implications

[What did you learn from this evaluation and what will you change to improve? Example: "We aim to decrease the drop-out rate by not asking for a birth date. We will re-run this evaluation to measure the impact."]

---

Commit message:

Ergebnisse der User Evaluation publishen

docs/user-eval/user-eval.md, after:

---
title: User Evaluation
nav_order: 4
---

{: .label }
[Jane Dane]

# [User evaluation]
{: .no_toc }

<details open markdown="block">
{: .text-delta }
<summary>Table of contents</summary>
+ ToC
{: toc }
</details>

## 01: [Title]

### Meta

Status
: Work in progress - **Done** - Obsolete

Updated
: 08-02-2024

### Goal
The goal of this evaluation is to assess the user experience of our SimpleNote project, with a specific focus on navigation and design.

### Method
To achieve our evaluation goal, we will present a minimum viable product (MVP) of the SimpleNote web application to a selected group of users. The MVP will include interactive prototypes created using Miro, allowing users to navigate through the web pages and provide feedback on their experience.

[Describe how you proceed to achieve your evaluation goal. Be as specific as possible: others should be able to replicate your evaluation by following the description on this section.]

### Results
The evaluation results revealed that the majority of users found the design of the SimpleNote application to be simplistic yet appealing. Navigation was deemed intuitive, and users appreciated the clear and organized presentation of information. On average, users need 2 min to register. The drop-out rate was 0%, indicating a positive user experience and smooth registration process.

### Implications
Following the evaluation, we will prioritize maintaining the intuitive navigation and clear information architecture, which were identified as strengths. Additionally, we will consider to enhance the visual appeal of the application, aiming to increase user engagement. We plan to conduct another evaluation once the application's development is complete to test the impact of these enhancements accurately.

---
